Hi, everyone, in this chapter, we are going to create a custom animated progress bar.
Oh, right.
So this project is going to be a relatively shorter one than before.
Right.
And we are going to make sure that we wrap up this project in just one video.
So what do we have?
So we have a progress bar.
It looks like a progress report that says 80 percent.
If I go ahead and reload the page, you're going to see that it comes from the left nicely and right
and it goes all the way to 80 percent.
And the reason that it is added because it says here 80, this data and the data done is 80.
So if I were to go ahead and to change it, for example, to 50 and reload it, you're going to see
even though the Texas Adebari, because the text is hardcoded, it is going to be it is going to be
all the way up to 50.
So this is what we are going to build here.
The estimate is super simple.
We have a divide that has a class of progress and another divide that has a class of progress.
Dasch done and data done is almost 80 percent is exactly 80 percent.
Some basic reset in the success.
And we have some flex starling in the body just to make it center.
We have some stalling for the progress, which is the apparent.
All right.
Which is the parent and some stalling for the progress on just a background image, linear gradient
and some flux properties just to make this text in the center.
And and by default, you are going to set the width and the opacity to zero and we are going to dynamically
change the width and the opacity through JavaScript.
All right.
So we are going to go ahead and we are going to dive into the Aegeus.
I told you guys this is going to be a relatively shorter project.
So first we are going to grab the progress done.
And that's basically we are we just need the progress done.
So I'm going to document that query selector and we are going to grab the progress Dasch done class.
And in case you're wondering, it's this Inside side-Effect.
All right, so we are going to go ahead and we are going to say sit time out, which is a method, which
is a window method and in here.
So what I'm going to do, I'm going to head to and I'm going to hit enter, which it didn't work.
So function.
Let's click on this now.
Maybe the the below one.
I just want to grab everything.
Yes.
So this is the syntax for a set time out here.
We specify a time when we reload the page after this time is past, we are going to see the navigation
animate.
So let's go ahead and let's open it with life.
I think we have it right here.
Right.
So we wanted to go to B appeared after 500 milliseconds.
The reason that we do this with JavaScript is that we want to see this when half a second after half
a second has been passed.
So if I were to put it to two seconds and when I save it, we are going to see this effect right after
two seconds.
So this is basically the part that we are making in JavaScript are just we just want to make sure that
it appears after a certain amount of time has passed.
Now, this is the syntax for an arrow function.
But what I'm going to do is I'm just going to go ahead and remove that syntax and we are going to use
a regular function.
And in this function, we are going to say after 500 milliseconds this past Grob the progress.
Oops, I don't know why does that grab the width?
And in the progress, do not get the attribute.
What is the attribute.
Is the good attribute.
Hmm.
Get attribute.
Why.
What is the attribute that we want to get.
It is the data dasht done and when you get that attribute, add it to a string of pixel and the next
thing that I want to do is get the progress and then the tile and then the opacity and then make it
to equal to one.
So when I say it and when we come here, we are going to see that it is going to say 80 percent right
in here and it should go all the way to 80 percent.
All right, so let's come here, the height, the width is zero by default, and in here we grab the
data done and it should go all the way to 80 percent.
Oh, the reason that it doesn't go is because we added a pixel, this should be a percentage.
So now it goes all the way to 80 percent.
It is 80 percent.
And then at that point, we just had 80 pixels, which was right about here.
All right.
And when we go ahead and reload the page, we're going to see that it comes nicely from the left towards
the right.
And this is it for this project.
See you guys in the next one.